Muhammad abush shab says Israeli snipers
have just shot his two sons one is dead
the other
injured grief and anger overwhelm
him I will take revenge for you my son
this is a martyr I want to see my sons
the sons I had after 9 years they went
in the blink of an eye my
God on the floors of a hospital in KH
Unis there's barely any space
left the most recently injured are
brought in from
Cars on blankets or carried in
arms outside mourner
gather rusam al- ashram cradles her
husband's shoe it's what she has left of
him she says the souvenir of a marriage
ended by violence only just after it had
begun such we got married 6 months
before the war and today he's martyred
he left me
alone after prayers the shrouded bodies
are taken for
burial one is so small and light that
its Bearer seems he can hardly feel the
weight gunis was where hundreds of
thousands of gaza's Palestinians fled
to when Israel's military assaulted the
north now Israeli tanks have pushed into
the heart of Southern gaza's main city
too
fighting with Hamas is fierce and
ongoing but there's been no letup in the
north either jabalia refugee camp one of
the most bombed parts of the Gaza Strip
is still being
pulverized and men women and children
are still being pulled out of rubble in
pieces
we were sitting in our house in peace
what did we do God let the world see
what is happening to
us it's been said too many times to
count that nowhere in Gaza is safe but
that's being constantly repeated because
it's true Rory Chalin out
Zer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero